---
layout: post
title:  "Varsity Pizza & Pints"
date:   2016-07-09 18:42:00 +0530
categories: ["bar", "restaurant"]
---

[Varsity](https://www.facebook.com/thevarsitypizzapints/) serves pizza and beer, along with having sportsball games on large screens in case your friends aren't boring enough. 

They also host weekly Super Smash Bros Melee (SSBM) tournaments - my reason for frequenting. 

Almost three months ago, I contacted them on Facebook, informing them that their "women's" restroom is single-stall and should therefore be gender-neutral. My messages were read, but ignored. 

After fruitlessly asking employees and managers - week after week - for the best way to get in contact with the owner, he happened to be there one evening. 

We spoke for some time, which revealed quite a bit of stuff:

* He ignored my messages because he didn't think it applied to his establishment
* He was personally offended that these issues were being brought up
* He believes trans women should not use the "women's" restroom
* He would look into the issue, and get back to me if he had any questions

To be clear: there are two restrooms at Varsity. The "men's" restroom is not single-stall - there is a wall between the toilet and urinal so that somehow counts. I told him that the best option is to make both restrooms gender-neutral. 

The overwhelming majority of people who show up for SSBM tournaments (usually, myself being the exception) are cis males. I realize that these are not the only people visiting the establishment, but the gender break-down is consistent or similar. 

I have noticed some of my fellew Smashers have started using the "women's" restroom if the other is occupied. To nobody's surprise, there has been zero problems with this, and has more than likely gone unnoticed. 

I am going to keep going there, and maybe one day I'll hear some good news.
